What are you wearing?
This makeup is too old.
The owner of this body is beautiful.
It's just too limited to
Satisfy your husband, try to be obedient
The principal married for a whole year without stopping to wear, even touching did not touch the principal once.
The poor girls.
But you don't know that men are born bad.
The more you listen, the more he finds you boring.
Ma'am, he came back and told her to come downstairs.
Let him wait.
It's not good to keep you waiting.
Keep him waiting, he won't die.
You can go outside dressed like this.
As Ms. Fu, even the most basic cultivation has been forgotten.
I'll wear whatever I want in my house.
Forget it.
I have nothing to tell you either.
If there's no problem with the divorce agreement, sign it.
How long has he known that woman at the nightclub?
Maybe two months to divorce her.
You can sign if you don't want to.
We can go through the legal process.
On the other side of the Khuc family, I am in charge of making it clear that I have been married for so many years.
You can't have children.
A man is not ashamed.
That's eye-opening.
Deputy Dinh Xuyen.
You can't have children.
I'm alone.
Asexual reproduction?
What do you want?
I'll leave you this house.
And pay you another three million dollars in divorce benefits.
Don't push.
Mr. Fu is generous.
Three million yuan.
Khuyen, I know you are sad now.
Sign.
I'll sign it now, I'm afraid you'll regret it.
Now it's nonsense to say these angry words. Who says these angry words?
Remember to put money on the card.
Slow not send.
Haven t you liked me for 10 years?
Why does it feel like changing people?
There are a lot of guests here at night.
They're all pouring me wine.
I'm scared.
Don't be afraid.
Now I'm looking for you.
The show is about to start.
I've got to impress the audience today.
This is too exaggerated.
It's too simple, isn't it?
Server, let's go, or we'll be late.
Got it.
Just this one.
The night is the top club of the VIP membership system.
Giang Thanh famous gentleman selling rent
The server
I'm going out with my little lover tonight.
But...
How do I get in?